Yeah, I think, but I think it's because when I go on the road,
like I just went to Bakersfield recently, which is,
can we just say it's like the best people ever came out there.
Feels amazing. Right?
I felt like, I, I felt like Hawk, Hogan, bro. People came out,
people were crying. Someone's sacrifice their cousins.
I've got came out of the closet. Like all,
they wanted it all to happen at the show. You know,
people were giving me recipes. People were donating.
You know what the thing, man, it ain't that far hour and 40 minutes.
How long does it take from LA two hours? Two hours.
Pretty diverse. I mean, yeah, it was cool, man. I really liked.
Although I did turn my sink on its brown was flying out of the sink. I was like,
what the is this? I've made an Instagram video of it.
I was like, Bakersfield, what the is going on with your water man to St.
Good look at that. Does my water coming out of my sick.
And the worst is you already brushed your teeth. That's the crazy part too.
I hate it. When that happens. Cause you don't know at first. Ooh.
It's a.
Funky. Definitely seems like a malt.
But I think that I was staying at our super old hotel. Yeah. Yeah.
But it's just, they, they got some old pipes clean those pipes on.
Something's going wrong in there. I was staying there. So what a?
What have I shook? A mouthful that drank it. He died.
What if I was just all over myself for the rest of the day and I had to cancel
my shows. Do, do you.
Think you'll die one day or not? I'm not trying.
To make you think about, um, I'm pretty sure that's how the road goes. Yeah,
you're born. And then you die. What, what do you think? I don't know, man.
Crusher doesn't think you die. I think, I think he's just.
Yeah, that could be it too. He didn't have a shirt on, dude.
You got to put a shirt on. Decide if you're going to die or no.
[Inaudible] oh boy.
We have to base this on what we know about people. Now.
I know that people used to be alive and now they're not.
So what happened to them? Are they faking it?
Will you be sad if you die? You think? I think I'll.
Be dead, bro.
Yeah. What about you? I'd be sad if you died. Well.
Thank you. I'd be sad if you died too. Thanks.
Man. Prove it.